, ” Pnemce. 25

winchester he stayed for a while, but when that city
was delivered up to the Pasliament he was forced to
remove again. In 1648, he went to Minster Lovel
in Oxfordshire, the seat ofhis elder Brother, which
he fanned for six or seven years oi* his nephew Co-
lonel Heylin. On quitting this farm he settled at
Abingdon empluying himself in various publications.
Upon the return of Charles 11 he was restored to his
Spin'tualities, but was not afterwards raised to any
station beyond that of Sub-dean of Westminster. He
died May 8, 1662, and was interred before his own
stall within the Choir of the Abbey.

1 have only to add that in the appendix will be
found a Genealogy of the ancient Famssy of Patten.
kindly communicated to me by its present Represen-
tative, John Wilson Patten, Esq, of Bank Han, Co.
Lancaster‘ M. P. for the northern Division οἱ that
County, and also a deseription of Mdgdalen College
at the time of the matriculatinn of Prinne Henry in
1605. Extracted from Isaac Wake’s ‘¹ Rex Platoni-
cus” published at Oxford in 1607.

The Lffirary, S. M. Magdalen College Oxsord..
June 27, A.D. 1851.

